Add technical details to Contributing page (#289)
NLeSC/guide: CONTRIBUTING.md

We host a PDF version of the guide on [Zenodo](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.4020565).
To update it a [new release](https://github.com/NLeSC/guide/releases) needs to be made of the guide. This will trigger a GitHub action to create a new Zenodo version with the PDF file.

# Technical details

The basics of how the Guide is implemented.

> The Guide is built on [docsify](https://docsify.js.org) and hosted on GitHub Pages.

Reviewer: There is no building, no files get build like a static site generator, but rather the docsify renders the Markdown files as HTML pages.

```suggestion
The Guide is rendered by [docsify](https://docsify.js.org) and hosted on GitHub Pages.
```

Author: Good point, "built" is confusing here. The next sentence was supposed to clarify this point as well, but better to replace it. In this sentence, I meant "built on" in the sense of "is based on" / "uses the framework of", i.e. from the code perspective, for someone who wants to contribute. What would be a better phrasing of that? I'll just accept the suggestion for now, in any case that's better.

Deployment is "automatic" from the main branch, because docsify requires no build step into static HTML pages, but rather generates HTML dynamically from the MarkDown files in the Guide repository.
The only configuration that was necessary for this automatic deployment is:
1. The [index.html](https://github.com/NLeSC/guide/blob/main/index.html) file in the root directory that loads docsify.
2. The empty [.nojekyll](https://github.com/NLeSC/guide/blob/main/.nojekyll) file, which tells GitHub that we're not dealing with Jekyll here (the GitHub Pages default).

> 3. Telling GitHub in the Settings -> Pages menu to load the Pages content from the root directory.

Reviewer: Its also worth mentioning the _sidebar.md. To add a new chapter. you will need to change this file.

```suggestion
3. Telling GitHub in the Settings -> Pages menu to load the Pages content from the root directory.
4. The [_sidebar.md](https://github.com/NLeSC/guide/blob/main/_sidebar.md) file for the table of contents.
```
